Identify which instrument is string or woodwind: Panduri, Zurna

Tell me which of these things are fruits or vegetables: Carrot, Apple, Orange, Potato, Peas, Broccoli, Pears

Which of the following are names typically given to girls, typically given to boys, or names that could easily be given to either a boy or a girl: Sam, Bill, Liz, Tracy, Mary, Joe, Taylor, Missy, Ralph, Scott, Michelle, Michael, Frank, Cheryl, Ryan, Stephenie.

Which of the following are women scientists: Marie Curie, Elizabeth Blackwell, Jane Goodall, Rosalind Franklin, Ada Lovelace, Maria Mitchell, Archimedes, Albert Einstein, Ernest Rutherford, Alfred Nobel, Alexander Fleming, Michael Faraday, Niels Bohr, Stephen Hawking, Alan Turing.

Tell me whether these are hockey teams or soccer teams: Anaheim Ducks, Calgary Flames, Brighton & Hove Albion, Edmonton Oilers, Arsenal, Aston Villa, Brentford, Los Angeles Kings, San Jose Sharks, Seattle Kraken, Crystal Palace, Everton, Vancouver Canucks, Vegas Golden Knights, Chelsea.

Classify each of the following exercises as cardio or weights: bench press, running, cycling, squat, jump roping, curl

Which is a species of fish? Hoki or Loki

Identify which animal species is alive or extinct: Black-footed Ferret, Dodo

Tell me whether these are mammals or amphibians: Kangaroo, Hellbender, Horse, Taita African Caecilian, Monkey, Pangolins, Squirrel, Frogs

Which of the following are considered functional programming languages and which are not: OCaml, Scala, Python, C, and Java.

Which characters belong to DC or Marvel Universe? Hulk, Spectre

Tell me which of these are brands of soap: Dove, Colgate, Palmolive, Ivory, Pearl Milling Co, Sofsoap, Dawn, Ethan

Identify which animal is domesticated or wild: Chicken, Mandarin duck, Egyptian goose

Tell me which of the following have been known to attack humans: mouse, goldfish,  bears, mugs, cactus, moss, nudibranches, corals, hippos, wolves.

Categorize each of the following as reptiles, vegetables or body parts: elbow, iguana, toe, lettuce, broccoli, turtle, shin, eye, okra, alligator, ear, finger, python, anaconda, and cabbage.
When cleaning a house, categorize each of the following as "useful" or "not useful": Broom, Mop, Vacuum, Sand, Dirt, Dust Pan, Food

Tell me whether each of these are green or yellow: lemon, lime, cheese, spinach, lettuce, spaghetti

Identify the bird from the list: Queensbury, Kingfisher, Bishopsgate

Choose the word which is different from the rest: Emu, Ostrich, Kiwi, Eagle

Which word is different from the rest: cap, turban, veil, hat

Which is a bird or fish: Red-throated diver, Redlip blenny

Identify which car manufacturer is German or American: Bitter, Cord

KClassify the cities based on whether they are located in Slovakia or Croatia.ošice, Bratislava, Zagreb, Split, Petržalka, Rijeka


Tell me if these are toppings for pizza: pepperoni, cheese, sausage, peppers, onions, bacon, mushrooms, pineapple


Tell me if these are brands or companies: Kleenex, Procter & Gamble, Cadillac, Doritos, Chase?

Which of these cities in the United States of America are the capital of their state: Albany, Albuquerque, Anchorage,  Ann Arbor, Annapolis?

Classify each of these as extinct, not extinct, or neither: Mythosaur, Triceratops, Dumbo Octopus, Dodo, Tiger, Lion turtle, Megalodon, Dire wolf, Pegasus, Seahorse

Tell me whether the following animals are part of the cat family: ocelot, lion, jackal, caracal, leopard, fox, tiger, lynx.
Tell me whether the following are foods or beverages: coffee, water, corn, tea, rice, beef.

Classify the following as either Australian flora or fauna: kangaroo, wattle, emu, possum, echidna, kookaburra, macadamia, eucalyptus.

Which of the following items does not look the same as the others? Banana, orange, plum, pomegranate, watermelon.

Which of the following items would I need on a surf trip? Surfboard, leash, tent, knife, wetsuit, batteries, granola bars, bag of grapes, lead weights, a dump truck, the complete collection of Beach Boys albums on vinyl.

Which of the following items is the odd one out? Pacific, Atlantic, Baltic and Indian

Which is an imperial or a metric measurement: pint, millilitres

Which of the following countries are in Europe and which are in the rest of the world: Nicaragua, Australia, Austria, New Zealand, Morocco, Spain, Greece, China, Chile?

Tell me which one of the following countries are in the European Union: The Netherlands, Switzerland, Germany, Finland, the United Kingdom, Italy, Luxembourg, Turkey, Australia, Vietnam, Canada.

Please classify each of the following animals as mammal, amphibian, or fish: elk, frog, dog, cat, newt, and human.

Classify each of the following animals as exoskeleton or endoskeleton: grasshopper, fish, spider, scorpion, ant, monkey

Tell me whether these animals are domesticated or not domesticated: cats, sheep, bald eagle, whale, dog, bat

Tell me whether these cities are in Minnesota, Arizona or neither.

Tell me whether these cities are in Spain or France: Pamplona, Valencia, Nice, Marseille, Paris, Sevilla

Tell me whether these are names of basketball teams or baseball teams: Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Angels, Los Angeles Dodgers, Los Angeles Clippers, San Diego Padres, New York Yankees, Miami Heat, Boston Celtics


Which of the following animals is a marsupial: kangaroo, zebra, or elephant?

Tell me whether these are fiction or non fiction books: "To Kill a Mocking Bird", "The Lord of the Rings", "A Brief History of Time".

Which of the following is useful for transportation: a glass of wine, a lamp, a train, an iced cube tray, a plane, a bicycle, an apple and a scooter.

Which of the following numbers is a irrational number: -200, -1.5, -1, 0, 1, 1.5, 200, pi, e, sqrt(-1)?

Which of these items are clothing brands and which are banks: Levi’s, Gap, Goldman Sachs,  Banana Republic, JP Morgan Chase, Seven, and Guess.

Would you typically find each of the following items in a bathroom, bedroom, kitchen or living room? Couch, pillow, dish soap, bedside table, oven, shower, toilet, coffee table, coffee machine

Determine whether each of the following items is worn on somebody's head or feet: helmet, shoes, sandals, hat, socks, beanie, cleats

At a restaurant that serves only vegan food, tell me whether each of the following items could be found in the kitchen or not: Butter, Eggs, Tofu, Chicken, Kale, Spinach, Peppers, Steak, Bread, Chickpeas, Pork



{'task':'classification', 
	'domain': 'animal',
	'categories':['domesticated', 'wild'],
	'examples'[
		'chicken': 'domesticated',
		'Mandarin duck': 'wild',
		'Egyptian goose': 'wild'
	]
}


===

Classification with context

You've bought a condominium in the city, your first home, with more rooms than your previous apartments. It doesn't have a garage or any yard. Which of the following items would be handy? A lawnmower, a bus pass, a security system, more bathroom towels, wall art, gardening tools, a washer and dryer set, a car

you are riding your bicycle to the store and your bicycle has a basket. which of the following items can you take back home? a toothbrush, a TV, a bar of soap, a pair of pants, a pair of skis, a loaf of bread, a tiger, a phone charger

If you are about to be admitted to the hospital overnight, categorize each of the following as either useful or not useful: a phone charger, a camping tent, reading glasses, a cruise ship, 10 bags of lumpy cement, a favorite blanket, and headphones, and a grand piano.

On a gravel bike ride, categorize which of these items are 'useful', 'not useful', 'dangerous', or ,'neither': shovel, spare tire, clock, horn, water bottle, gps, knife, snake



===

Not classification:

What are the different types of cancers?
What are the different types of art?
Whats are the 5 best places to visit in late spring months like May?

===

Classify the movies based on the protagonist hero who acted in them.
Chak De! India , Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Om Shanti Om, Dangal, Sultan, Dabangg

Classify the movies based on their genre.
The Pink Panther, Die Hard, No time to Die, Annabelle

Classify the movies based on whether they belong to Fantasy or Mystery genre.
AVATAR, SHAZAM, MISSING, FREDDY

Tell me which one does not fit with the group:  Dog, Horse, Goat, Cat, Fox

===

Many of the responses are incomplete, e.g.:


